a group of dogs attacked a woman
old woman if not for neighbors of the
victim might have died now
witnesses of the aggression demand that the
authorities to criticize the animals
they consider them high risk I touched
see right now that does not recognize the signal anymore
your son has only one child and not
recognizes after a dog attack a
elderly woman nearly
of dying in the streets of the colony 12
July in a prompt intervention
neighbors rescued her and moved her to
emergencies of a hospital with serious
injuries in various parts of the body
at the moment that death in it is
diabetic and starts to tremble then
did not give us time for anything because it was very
quick he did not bite his neck one in
head and other feet
We started asking for help.
young people who were there in the corner
that there is a workshop and they help us
to remove the dogs then the lady
it becomes unconscious and we move it to
the closest the hospital is here
of the santamaría
upon arriving at the hospital santamaría doctors
They determined that amelia flores madrid
68 years had bites in the
warm head thigh back and hands
the victim who suffers from diabetes lost
the knowledge and its recovery is
complicated
if you are worried because we have had
several cases of this during the month
approximately three have been registered
cases is alarming because it is not very
frequent that dogs attack so
constant
this was attacked by four dogs
approximately and according to the report of
unnerving and rannikko
it's alarming because the four dogs
They attacked both foot and head back
as if it were trying to devour
the aggression that is not the first
confronted the residents of the streets
armed forces of Mexico and air force demand
that the animals are slaughtered on
owner of the dogs insisted that
it was an accident and he will assume the
medical expenses
I think it's the accidents that
happen and I have to face things
as they are
then but not because they are my
children hard because I have
the people of america the neighbors ask
and the memory of my parents and you came
seen annoying long t
without using but the problem I want was
who I got married first if we
we achieve
witnesses indicate that a boxer bitch the
alpha came out of the yard and four others
dogs of different races followed her
after surprising the woman
attacked by the scare fainted fell to the
floor and could not defend herself they bit her
repeatedly in contact
eduardo urrutia and the ya román canal 44
the news channel